no deletions per wg discussion (#109)
larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes: draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes.md

which the person was banned, and in the case of a ban that spans more
than one forum, to the community in a manner decided by the IESG.

> Moderator actions MAY NOT include content removal or redcaction from
> IETF archives, which are both beyond the scope of this memo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content removal or redaction from IETF archives are not moderation actions;
the IESG MUST initiate and approve any such operation beyond the scope
of this memo.
```

MAY NOT is not a 2119 term.

Author: I take your point.  I don't think we want the "IESG MUST..."  thing either, tho.  Let me give it another whack.

Author: Just to add, I don't think we want to mention who has responsibility.  Future RFCs can decide that.  We don't need to go there.

Reviewer: This is already under the auspices of the IESG per their "management of the standards process" responsibility, no future RFc needed.

Author: No what I mean is that we shouldn't discuss who has responsibility for things outside the scope of the document.  For instance, If a later RFC deals with redactions and deletions, they shouldn't have to worry about updating this one.  And I proposed fewer words ;-)

Reviewer 2: How about

"Permissable moderator actions do not include content removal or redcaction from IETF archives, which are both beyond the scope of this memo."

#84 is still open, so that maybe we can leave the CAPS for that issue.

Reviewer: SGTM
